Will post my OC lore here, please wait.
Warning: this will have spoilers of most, if not all, of my stuff.
Should I kill the Jovian gods in my literary universe?
They are literally Zeus and their only contribution to all of existence (and the only decision they took and action they did) was their decision to get out of their hiding and cooperate to make their respective worlds' solar systems weird for the lulz in 1961 because they though Yuri Gagarin had too much of a funny sounding name for the first human sent to space, and then attempted suicide by dropping themselves to their respective world's Jupiter, which apparently failed to kill them and now they are stuck in sensory deprivation and just plain bored and unable to do anything about it.
Before 1961, they did nothing but observe the world from hiding, and every world was identical, but when Yuri Gagarin was in space, they just found it to be the most hilarious thing ever, hilarious enough for them to do something so drastic as to change the entirety of the galaxy so much, it is different from our reality ever since 1961 happened, and every one of them changed the world they're in differently than the other.
Problem is that they kinda underestimated themselves, which is why they survived a plunge into Jupiter and are now too bored to die.
Oh, and them finding Yuri Gagarin's name to be hilarious is actually in the plot.
It is not projection though, I don't think Yuri Gagarin's name is hilarious, they thought so, however.
Well, every world I wrote exists in the same literary universe.
There is a total of three worlds.
Every story I write happens in at least one of them.
They are linked by three dimensional "portals" on the moon.
Only the "übermensch foundation" of the "E.S." world (world 1) and the Jovian gods can create portals, and none can destroy portals created by the Jovian gods, while only those capable of creating portals can destroy the "übermensch foundation"'s portals.
The three worlds are world -1 ("Ecilipse"), world 0 ("Bridge"), and world 1 ("E.S.").
At first, I intended the "bridge" world to just be the "bridge" world when I wrote the "E.S." world, nothing is there.
But ironically, that once rivals the E.S. world in written (and not yet written) detail.
Meanwhile, I kinda neglected rewriting the "Ecilipse" world because it is too badly written, I guess I will make that one what the bridge world was intended to be.
I remember when I was calling that story "Ecilipse: Timelines" in middleschool.
I wrote a lot of the "Ecilipse" world in middleschool.
Which is why I think its story was cringeworthy.
And more ironically, the world I am now writing is almost completely different from I wanted to write in middleschool.
I guess that's what sticking to OC lore worldbuilding for so long can do.
Continuously refining stuff for the sake of refinement.
Without ending up with a product.
Only snippets written on papers, .txt files, or unwritten but remembered in my lazy ass brain.
Will send the original lore too, and the latest evolution of it.
Wait.
Actually, that was not my first OC.
My first OC was Jack Smith.
Yasser Sale7 was the second, and he had no name when I came up with him in my primary school years.
Will post the inspirations too.
I'll send illustrations of their latest designs though.
Because I need to draw something.
Jack Smith was intended to be the main character until I decided the then unnamed Yasser Sale7 will be the main character.
And then I simply cycled between the two on my preference on which one will be the MC.
But both gradually changed a fuckton from their original concepts.
Wait. 
Oh, and the original illustrations were probably lost.
(Actually, certainly lost.)
So...
I'll draw the original concepts as I imagined them.
Except Jack Smith was basically a handsome generic bald dude with a gun and suit but from a French mother and a deceased Japanese father.
And the only things that remain from his original concept in my latest concept of him are just hat he's male, his father is dead and was Japanese, and the widowed French mother.
Yasser Sale7, however, remained really surprisingly similar to the original concept, except that's in comparison to Jack Smith.
And the rest of my OCs.
My tabletop RP campaigns, written stuff, games I tried to work on but depression stopped me, etc… are all in one of the three linked worlds that I wrote
(A hard drive failure costed me the old games that had lore, but by now, the lore they had is pretty much outdated as fuck; my writing skills, experience, tastes, knowledge, etc... influencing, refining, and overall evolving, the lore, which made old lore outdated (but not irrelevant)).
Basically, I am kinda finally deciding to finalize the lore now.
Before, I changed the stuff I found problems with because that was not a finished product.
Until now.
Anyway, welcome to the lore cave.
Everything here will be spoilers.
And mostly me rambling lore bits for excessive detail that I'll probably not include in the end product but will be here just in case. 
This is relevant to the E.S. world:
The übermensch foundation is basically an anomaly research thing that started in Germany but it is also basically the illuminati (and *definetely* not Nazi).
They don't have real goals, ironically, they started with one but then the governments they worked with went poof at some time.
But most of them believe they're doing something towards a goal, and they are well coordinated enough to actually do stuff efficiently and benefit from the results.
Except when they flop because a Point Nemo Anomaly decided to fuck with their plots.
They are mostly harmless and avoid confrontation.
But that's only if not provoked.
They can do fuck all except the stuff only guardians or anomalies can do.
And by "they can do fuck all" I mean the opposite.
They can do everything but the kitchen sink.
(dubiously canon, could very well be true, but there is no in-lore way for anyone outside the foundation to know) Which they do anyway in spite of anyone's disapproval, including the kitchen sink snatching goblin anomaly they somehow contained (dubiously canon, could very well be true, but there is no in-lore way for anyone outside the foundation to know).
They do the kitchen sink too, I guess.
It would be funny if they cursed the goblins for messing with them though, with half of the time being misdirected blame and the other half being actual stuff snatching goblins.
Those goblins steal the stuff then cease to exist after putting that stuff... somewhere...
They don't cease to exist if the thing they came to existence specifically to steal was destroyed or was otherwise made impossible for them to steal, they immediately know it is impossible to steal when that happens and just become regular people, except they goblin, and vibe around doing regular people stuff.
OK, imma add that, that's canon now.
(Yep, that's part of my usual writing process.)
Also, the übermensch foundation considers an anomaly "contained" when it can no longer bother them.
And stuff stolen by those "goblins" typically are stored in the same place until they are found, which changes the location they hide the next well organized pile of stolen stuff.
So it is sufficient to put a tracking device on one of them or on an object they steal.
They can't begin to exist inside places they cannot escape.
They avoid places that they could be trapped in.
Objects they steal once can't be stolen again by them, and if one of them couldn't steal the thing they came to existence specifically to steal, all the next goblins will not attempt to steal it. 
Also, they are little (and a little too fast).
So, basically, you can let them steal stuff, wait and avoid searching for that pile, collect that pile if you stumble upon it anyway, and periodically let them steal something with a tracking device.
The übermensch foundation considers the goblins anomaly uncontainable, but the goblins won't bother anyone else, are very fine people when they give up on stealing something, and are convenient for storing stuff as the übermensch foundation are the only people who aren't guardians who can get to those piles quickly enough anyway, thanks to their portals.
Those goblins can create portals too, but only use them to put the stuff in another world in their latest pile. 
And typically it is the bridge world, in a place avoided by nomads.
tracking the goblins and capturing them or making the theft impossible or allowing a successful theft attempt to happen allowed the übermensch foundation to document the goblins' behaviors and nature as anomaly people and the nature of the anomaly itself.
It won't stop being an inconvenience, however, as the übermensch foundation doesn't lose anything but time from it, and they are pretty lax about deadlines, which they have none of except in urgent situations, and those goblins aren't enough of a bother in these situations.
Have a spare of everything that could be snatched if something needed to be done soon enough with them.
And the goblins don't steal from the same type of object from the same person twice in a row, and they don't steal from the same person twice in the same lunar month, so this is not too much of an issue.
It still costs the übermensch foundation time and is pretty annoying.
But then, the pile is indeed well organized.
And well hidden.
Just takes a tacking device to find their pile and thus change the next pile's location.
Yep, that's how to predict where some members of the übermensch foundation could be in the next 24 hours... unless it is misdirection.
Though it is extremely difficult to predict the route goblins take to the pile, so it is not impossible to tell the übermensch foundation misdirection from the goblins' routes.
The übermensch foundation keeps a low profile whenever they could, their tracking devices use an open source model that they designed by themselves then made the source of open, including all hardware and software.
Their very public side is just a robotics and heavy machinery bureau of standards concerned with technical terminology and acceptable interactions with conscious beings, with the cool name being attributed to unthinking machines' perfect, predictable, precise, and accurate reactions to their inputs. 
But that's the public side they are OK with saying out loud to the public. 
Basically OSHA for mechatronics and heavy machines and machine senses etc...
But no matter what you do to spy on them, they tell you what they want you to think about them with your "espionage", whether it is true or not. 
Except if you rely on Point Nemo anomalies, but that's pretty much rarely helpful, because those anomalies are impossible to predict.
Specifically, most of them are stable enough to never change, but the closer to the Point Nemo the origin of the anomaly was, the less consistent it gets.
Yasser Sale7, an Earth guardian of the "Ecilipse" world (world -1), is the closest anomaly in origin to Point Nemo other than the Point Nemo anomaly herself.
And he's basically only consistent in name, gender, inconsistency of other traits, guardian status, origin world, harmlessness, general shape, form, and outfit, invulnerability, and origin from a different world.
And the only thing that can end that is the cooperation of all other guardians (of accessible worlds), but that is not necessary.
Because Point Nemo anomalies can be OP, but never in harmful enough ways to warrant guardian intervention.
And they are almost always not harmful, just annoying... almost always...
Well, they *can* harm conscious beings, including each other, but that's only if they are anomaly people with consistent enough Point Nemo anomalies, which pretty much means more powerful and inconsistent anomalies are less likely to be harmful and more likely to just be mildly annoying.
And Point Nemo anomalies that aren't anomaly people are always harmless but mildly annoying.
And anomaly people from Point Nemo most often have less capacity to harm people (including each other) than any other form of conscious life.
Point Nemo anomalies are the safest, yet the most powerful and the most inconsistent, and only originate from the E.S. world from near that world's Point Nemo (except for Yasser Sale7, which is consistently and simultaneously both a Point Nemo anomaly and a person that somehow always existed in the "Ecilipse" world, a result of his anomaly being consistently consistent rules behind the fourth wall dictating traits that are not affected by his main anomaly of inconsistently inconsistent inconsistency, yet he's still consistently harmless, as per the rules mentioned prior).
Regular anomaly people (originating from or made anomalous by other anomalies or made anomalous by or created by guardians) are just immortal but otherwise regular people but with anomalies attached and some control over them, or just the anomalies themselves with the ability to control the supernatural part very naturally.
Their anomalies can get really powerful, but not to the scale of Point Nemo anomalies' potential, and they are just people, and most of them are just vibing or struggling to control their anomalies as other people, including guardians, help them do that safely.
Phenomena anomalies often are inconveniences that don't overlap, but they can get dangerous if they happen to happen in the wrong place, an example would be an anomaly that reduces the gravitational constant for nearby small enough objects... problem is when it is somewhere where landslides can happen or it is in a desert or... OK that gets the point across, eh?
The wish that nothing ever happens, even when stuff happened before, stuff can happen right now, and stuff can happen in the future.
Guardians, magical people, and anomalies' very existence, the sudden, unexplainable, death of all the original earth guardians at the same time, the Lunar guardian of the E.S. world's "sleepwalk", the existence of the E.S. world's Point Nemo anomaly, Beatrice's bridge world omnicide, the Blades of Badland, etc... many things happened and can happen.
And are happening.
...
Well.
This campaign happens after all previous  campaigns except for ones that Mark is a character in.
(Except for that Mark was in a campaign that happened before all that stuff anyway.)
Well, Mark's canon until now.
Rich and privileged since his childhood, a child born into comfort and raised in it.
Yet something was always not enough.
He was a perfectionist, and his parents did anything but help.
He was more that qualified for perfectionism.
Yet he was not satisfied, he wanted more.
Beyond his parents' encouragement of perfection was a different perfection.
He had few friends.
He was just too suspiciously perfect for them.
Too kind, too polite, too intelligent, too much of everything that's good.
What's behind that polish?
What is under that?
They could never now.
Imma copy paste the inspiration as I explained it to my father.
زيادة صعوبة كل حاجة تخصني و جعل كل حاجة فيها مجرد ريحة راحة هشة و غير مستقرة و غير ثابتة و ممكن خسارتها بكل بساطة بغلطة واحدة.
Anyway, in-world Jargon explanation:
World status: an eight bit value in gray code that determines tangibility... sorta.
World portal: a rule anomaly with a world status of 20:
It has a cubic shape and any light that goes through its edges becomes violet
Objects that enter it with a world status of 100XXX00 in gray code have the MSB and then the second to MSB of their world status flipped and their second trace status set to 12.
Objects that enter it with a world status of 001XXX00 in gray code have the third to MSB and then the second to MSB of their world status flipped and their second trace status set to 6.
When objects enters it with a world status of 010XXX00 in gray code, their second trace status is queried:
^If the mode second trace status of the mass of matter inside the portal is equal to 12, it flips the third to MSB and then the second to MSB of the world status of those objects, then resets the second trace status to zero.
^If the mode second trace status of the mass of matter inside the portal is equal to 6, it flips the MSB and then the second to MSB of the world status of those objects, then resets the second trace status to zero.
^If the mode second trace status of the mass of matter inside the portal is not equal to 6 and not equal to 12, it flips the MSB and then the second to MSB of the world status of those objects, then resets the second trace status to zero.
First trace status:
Irrelevant, has a maximum value equal to 240.
Second trace status: 
Irrelevant outside of the bridge world and the portals' functionality, also has a maximum value equal to 15. (edited)
When Beatrice was confirmed dead, the lunar guardian wept and wailed, and the body that was once Beatrice's body warped to a form similar in nature to that of her abilities, yet distinct in paranature.
Anomalies are affected by the world because they linked with the world by an indifferent fungus incapable of emotions but capable of intelligent reflexes, that fungus doesn't feed on anything in the material worlds that it affects, and exists with world status twenty (same as the portal), but it seems to influence some worlds with irony and poeticism, which leads to anomalies having... well, significantly less chaotic and noisy effects than they could have, it's still noise and chaos, but noise is slow, mostly insignificant, only relevant a long while after being easily readable, and could be accounted for.
That noise has 256 possible states and changes its state every pi days, going through every state once in a cycle, they are ordered randomly in the cycle, and the last state in the a cycle cannot be the first one in the next one. 
Jay Kujo be like: he's poly but he's also kinda there, doing merchant business without even realizing he's doing merchant stuff.
Left..., up-up..., left, left, down.
As for what that is? choreography for a certain scene with dodging a tank approaching really, REALLY fast.
Like, "it would've been more practical to shoot all that it's got" levels of approaching fast.
Thing is, while MBTs, in that story's lore, rarely look like the main battle tanks of today, the ones that do have a resemblance to them there exist as simple infrastructure destroyers with no piloting.
That one that is approaching really, REALLY fast doesn't look like that, though, rather, it's a special purpose "suppressive fire" tank that never found use since it was made in the late 21st century, the model of that tank was deemed impossible to give the scorched earth treatment because it is nearly impossible to damage, even with the turrets exposed, with the only three reliable ways to destroy it being orbital strikes, nukes, and something somehow sneaking to it and dousing it with napalm as radio jammers cover for them, all to embed an armor penetrator on it, somehow, all in a matter of five minutes.
It does have a fatal weakness, however: it needs a simple AI pilot and a really secure way to give it instructions.
Which, in this setting, are scarce resources by the time it reached production, as they realized.
"Look, you try punching a glacier? your knuckles are broken, skin's half ripped off and other half cold burned, and you got frostbite, that's what you get for punching the glacier, but some people are just plain stupid."
some idiot going for an analogy.
The thing is, even though the world is pretty batshit in that literary universe, it still obeys some very important rules:
1: Chaos: anything that is naturally deterministic chaotic is impractical to predict for pretty much anyone without the ability to read the state of all the "worlds" and "anomaly fields" with absurd precision and accuracy, chaos reading is pretty much the ability to get close to that, with increasing precision naturally causing logarithmic increases to the accuracy of predictions over time. (edited)
Predictions are usually adjusted in real time, but they're almost always predictions of at most around a week ahead.
With expected divergences caused by inaccuracies from low precision or inaccurate readings being costly to simulate.
2: Entropy: randomness is more likely to resemble homogeneity and random changes tend towards it.
3: Symmetry: totals of stuff tend to not change.
4: Drama: it's fiction after all, the author is gonna author... except it's more like a function with its latest output as one of its inputs.
Death in that story is... complicated.
First of all, there is what is death.
For a living organism, it's defined in this story to be the moment when the properties that distinguish life from... well, not life, are impossible to maintain through any means for an arbitrarily short (or long) time forwards.
So, if, for example, someone's body in the 1960s (after 1961 CE), but before the 70s, starts succumbing to diseases of age, even if that body ultimately ceases the capacity to keep being a living organism ten years after the diseases of age cause the inevitability of that impending loss of capacity to status of living organism, the body, as far as "death" and "dying" are defined for living organisms in that story, is arbitrarily, and to miniscule distinction between the consequences of such status, is either "dead" or "dying", with the moment of "death" being the beginning of the process of "dying" in the latter case, and the process of "dying" ends with the object that was once that living organism becoming a corpse.
The death of a living organism doesn't necessarily correspond to the death of the consciousness it carries.
It's not unheard of in that story for someone to be saved from death while their original body that once contained them is dying.
Definition of life is arbitrary in that story, but it kinda follows the sense of "If it can do most of the stuff that a tree can do to keep being a tree, then it is as alive as the tree is."
Viruses aren't treated as living beings though.
They are treated as packets of information.
Self-contained.
Just like how most malware sends itself around.
Prions too.
Except prions are not at all similar to that.
The following stuff are basically the most dangerous things in the story:
Ionizing radiation (and nukes). (edited)
Black holes (not that they'd ever be relevant).
Neurodegenerative diseases (and anything similar).
Prion biological weapons.
Anything that can corrupt information or make it unreadable. (edited)
Angsty teenagers where they shouldn't be.
Basically, something is dangerous if it poses a significant risk to valuable information.
Nukes can simply vaporize whatever is carrying information without any chance of saving it. (edited)
Ionizing radiation is stealthy as fuck and directly damages information.
Black holes..., well, whatever goes there, it's as good as nonexistent, you can't read it. (edited)
Neurodegenerative diseases (and damage to whatever is carrying the information) simply damages it.
Prion biological weapons are stealthy as fuck, hard to decontaminate, and can be really, really nasty with how slow but sure their effects are.
Angsty teenagers where they shouldn't be? sightseeing at point Nemo makes ya dangerous as fuck.
Magical person "Steelcarver" to Magical person "Dullahan":
"Look: You think those claws are how I sculpt? Well, you aren't wrong, I CAN GIVE YOU A WORLD OF PAIN!..., Aah..., and let you live to remember it."
Glacier, the Avatar Emanation of Mushroom Emanation Aleph: "I am Glacier."
The original Colton Briggs is alive, but someone will try to gaslight him into doubting that.
The wild witch met Tariq's mother before meeting Tariq.
The so-called indifferent used to be alone in his head, but he was sold to Azure Labs for a proof of concept "hivemind", it went as expected, not a failure but still not groundbreaking, when his brain was disconnected, another person has become existent besides him there, they are separate enough to need to communicate, but they can communicate with memories or with thinking in words.
That Andalusian man is an übermensch foundation agent.
Alice's anomaly is universal, and affects everyone, but the wild witch and the elusive witch volunteered to manipulate the anomaly to prevent the "disalignment" of the E.S. world, and the solution they chose was to make it collapse on one person in Spain... they did a little slip and it instead collapsed on someone in Aotearoa who happens to be Alice, the witches didn't change their plans as this didn't exceed acceptable parameters.
Alice's anomaly was discovered by the übermensch foundation because someone was abusing her using her anomaly, he tried to kill her as to escape getting caught and that attempt to kill her using her anomaly backfired horribly as it attracted the attention of people he cannot possibly hide from.
The so-called indifferent is suffering from a very similar anomaly, but it was much easier to resolve, and the hivemind proof of concept accidentally resolved it.
The reason why Japan is where proof of concept implementations of megaprojects are done is specifically because nobody truly dies there, the transport systems are well maintained, and people are just so, so accustomed to having the option of getting better living conditions and quality of life at the cost of occasional but almost hectic instability.
Chang'e is returning.
Lunar guardian Kaguya is the only person other than the Glassmaker who knows the Eclipse world's witch.
Yuri Gagarin knew what was about to happen.
The Jovians didn't kill themselves... at least not deliberately and not directly.
The mushrooms beyond the threshold are conscious.
The guardians' job is to be "gardeners" specialized at keeping the "symbiotic relationship" between the worlds and the mushrooms "healthy", "disalignment" of a world happens when that "symbiotic relationship" is threatened, if the "disalignment" is impossible to prevent by other means, then a "highly destructive" "reset event" is done, that "reset event" "destroys" the world and creates a copy of the "latest viable state" of it in its place.
The Glassmaker created the mushrooms beyond the threshold and the Jovians.
The Glassmaker is not a god, and she has much less control of the world than she'd like.
The Glassmaker is a bitch for drama and thinks she really found a really great argument for it.
Please note that symmetry is literally the one thing nobody in the story can avoid.
Also, entropy is unavoidable both for the IRL reasons and for similar reasons in the plot.
And also, for similar reasons in writing.
Except that certain things can effectively "reverse" it.
Like that pendant the E.S. world's witch uses sometimes, pretty much the most overpowered item in the plot because it basically "aliases vacuum state fluctuation wherever it doesn't matter, while slightly reducing energy of said irrelevant places" by "using low-energy stuff forcefully evened out and connected to those places.".
That witch is bluffing with technobabble to hide the fact she doesn't understand how it works, nobody does, actually.
But it still is overpowered as fuck, nobody knows how it works and everyone who knows its uses is baffled that it doesn't explode from its energy or crush every nearby thing with its gravity.
In fact, it's almost indetectable unless used, and when used, it seems like a weird battery or something.
There are four types of anomalies in the E.S. world: Lunar anomalies, terrestrial anomalies, Point Nemo anomalies, and void anomalies.
Lunar anomalies don't necessarily happen on the moon, but rather are caused by the body and consciousness of the Lunar guardian.
Terrestial anomalies are caused by other anomalies of any type or caused by guardians other than the Lunar guardian, including the witch guardians and earth guardians.
Point Nemo anomalies are Lunar anomalies that the Lunar anomaly at Point Nemo along with the Lunar guardian have both caused, they are the exception for Terrestrial anomalies and Lunar anomalies.
Void anomalies are few and rare between, and are caused by people getting stranded in space.
In very specific regions.
Many things are largely inconsequential in that world.
Actually, futile or pointless is more accurate.
But also, the inaccuracy in describing them as "largely inconsequential" isn't that significant.
Witch Kaguya uses pure capsaicin for spice.
She knows typical people can't handle it, that's sorta the point. (edited)
"I have become existent the moment before the brain of Tariq's father started dying, I was a perfect copy of it, all memories, skills, and love, recording his brain's dying days, experiencing them as him, remembering the death and yet remembering what was destroyed with it, no lost memories, no lost information, no lost skills, that that was lost to death in the original remained intact in me, and the death itself was recorded, I am a copy of him, I am not him, how do you know that you're the original Colton Briggs? I am sorry, but I am to question the usefulness behind the conclusion of that, if my- no, if his son knew I was not that who I was modeled after- and his son knows it already, would it matter much? I say this, this pains me, and I hope it does not pain him, as for you, would it matter to you if you were the original Colton Briggs?." 
-Backup of Tariq's father, unaware that that that he is speaking to is the original Colton Briggs.
"You are as I remember you, like the battle, like the field, like the business, like ideals and morals, unnecessary, volatile, dangerous, unpredictable, chaotic, you are as you are, yet you sculpted me with those proverbial strikes to what I was, revealed me from the hard shell of self-righteousness, you exposed me to none but myself, nowhere to hide, I am delighted and grateful, this helped me a plenty before I got sent here to get lectured on how the typical human is a social creature and that that could be used to get the greatest material benefit from society, stuff makes sense, to be honest, she let me out some times, world went wild, outside, this place is tame in comparison to the 20th and 21st century, I tell you, but I found people who loved me, for I was honest about what my relationship with them was, it was all business, and their smile correlated with a more convenient life outside, would love to see your smile later, you know me, it's for it's good for business and you'll love me for it * (  ͡  ‿  ͡  ) "
-Henry Stack
"Oh, Grace, how you've fallen." Grace.
You don't exactly "move" in anomaly "space". (edited)
Because it isn't really space, nor it is continuous.
Rather, those "spaces" are discrete lists of states that are somewhat resembling vectors, you can "move" between them seamlessly because there is a transitive state that sometimes happens, their interactions with each other are like matrices otherwise.
Those aren't dimensions.
However, they do have a slight resemblance to dimensions in that they exhibit properties similar to dimensions sometimes. (edited)
But they are discrete, sorta.
You can "move" between them, but that resembles the memory fuckery sometimes done in C++
In a sense, the regular world is the intersection of all anomaly "dimensions". (edited)
If only two anomaly "dimensions" exist, then the first row of the first column is the regular world. (edited)
But there's a catch.
Anomaly "dimensions" are all "perpendicular" to each other.
Which is why their interactions are like those of matrices.
Rather, they are like n-rank tensors where n is the number of anomaly "dimensions".
There existed an age of war in both the "Ecilipse" world and the E.S. world.
But it was cut short before the consequences became too significant.
You can still see remnants of the weapons and the destruction that those weapons caused.
But a lot of it might look weird.
Sometimes, you could hear people wailing in agony and horror there. (edited)
They aren't from the world you hear them in.
And they are still suffering.
You cannot do anything about that unless you have mobility and coordination that is impossible for anyone ever... except the übermensch foundation, with their gimmicky "world portals"... and the Glassmaker, who is pretty much omnipotent-omniscient and, from a canonical and narrative perspective, as evil as someone can be... if evil really existed. (edited)
Also, those people are stuck in a "superposition" in the worlds.
Equally in those four worlds.
Until "observed". (edited)
Thing is: it's not exactly observation in the physics sense.
Rather, in the conscious being is nearby sense.
The guardians' job is to be "gardeners" specialized at keeping the "symbiotic relationship" between the worlds and the mushrooms "healthy", "disalignment" of a world happens when that "symbiotic relationship" is threatened, if the "disalignment" is impossible to prevent by other means, then a "highly destructive" "reset event" is done, that "reset event" "destroys" the world and creates a copy of the "latest viable state" of it in its place.
The "age of war" could not have been prevented, the Ecilipse world went through several "reset events" to "prevent" that "age of war" from "disaligning" it, and the "reset event" that saved it caused a world so static, stagnant, and stale, that it could've disaligned again if it weren't for Jack Smith and Yasser Sale7's presence, übermensch agent intervention, and the absence of its witch in it.
Tariq is the first person to know Ecilipse world's witch Argon's name other than the Lunar guardian of her world, and the "enlightened ones". (edited)
The "hell" that Colton Briggs got stuck in is named "The Dead Straits Canyons".
Edward Suit could've become an übermensch agent, but then Beatrice decided to visit him and the magical people he got acquainted to.
It wasn't fun, but the "hat kid" Lunar guardian mediated disaster away.
The übermensch foundation won't get near anything * this * volatile.
Those magical people are still curled up on a corner in horror from that interaction.
They really are terrified of the idea that Beatrice isn't as dead as they wished she was.
The Glassmaker doesn't lie.
Tariq's prologue chapters are mostly powerful people telling him what to think of.
Colton Briggs' prologue chapters are mostly him getting "training" and information about his past, present, and future, the Glassmaker intends to manipulate him that way.
If that story had a side with most of it not being "evil" characters, it would be the übermensch foundation, the magical people, and the earth guardians other than the witches (except for Beatrice).
There is a global anomaly that causes objects thrown at a very specific angle relative to the surface of an approximation of earth's shape, the object will be duplicated to numerous exact copies of it with similar velocities.
It is present in all worlds.
Rather, precisely similar anomalies to it exist in every world.
Out of coincidence.
Mika knows what's going on.
Henry Stack "killed" many people along with Mr Briggs, but all of them were saved just as he was.
Edward Suit is currently travelling his world alone.
Tariq's mother couldn't have escaped from AzureLabs without the assistance of someone called "Harpy".
The Kaguya of the E.S. world is technically not a mark for the witch... yet.

The stories of player characters have titles given to them by "the infinite glacier":
Tariq's story is "the tale of the yes-man told to say no".
Mister Briggs' story is "the tale of the architect and the engineer".
"The indifferent"'s story is "the tale of the manchild most mature".

The Glassmaker and "the infinite glacier" are both "Molts" of the mushrooms beyond the threshold, "the infinite glacier" is "wiser" but "knows much, much less".
